Let's take a look at what we're going to cover in the section in this section using Jowa and spring
of course we will learn how to configure Qs with actual code not from any dashboard or rabbit.
MQ Seelye and then we'll learn how to configure topic fan out direct or header's exchanges from actual
code again.
We will learn how to implement those with beans and other types and after that we're going to configure
bindings between queues and exchanges.
And learn how to do with actual code again.
This is a really crucial part for routing keys and topic exchanges.
And so we have to learn how to bind our cues and exchanges from code.
Because again we may not have access to our dashboard anytime we want.
So we should know how to configure them.
After that we're going to realize an asynchronous communication scenario using two different applications.
Remember the application that we first used as sending messages to exchanges and queues.
When we first started developing applications.
So we're going to use that application to send a message to an exchange indirectly to a Q of course
and then we're going to be listening to that message as synchronously from another application.
So it's going to be really fun and I'll be seeing you on the next video.